Bootstrap Annotator (#255)
cisco/mindmeld: source/userguide/auto_annotator.rst

``'spacy_model'`` (:class:`str`): :attr:`en_core_web_lg` is used by default for the best performance. Alternative options are :attr:`en_core_web_sm` and :attr:`en_core_web_md`. This parameter is optional and is specific to the use of the :class:`SpacyAnnotator`.
If the selected model is not in the current environment it will automatically be downloaded. Refer to Spacy's documentation to learn more about their `English models <https://spacy.io/models/en>`_. The Spacy Annotator is currently not designed to support other language but they may be used.

Using the Bootstrap Annotator
----------------------------

> The :class:`BootstrapAnnotator` speeds up the data annotation process of new queries. When a :class:`BootstrapAnnotator` is instantiated a :class:`NaturalLanguageProcessor` is built for your app. For each intent, an entity recognizer is training on the existing labelled data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :class:`BootstrapAnnotator` speeds up the data annotation process of new queries. When a :class:`BootstrapAnnotator` is instantiated, a :class:`NaturalLanguageProcessor` is built for your app. For each intent, an entity recognizer is trained on the existing labeled data.
```

> The :class:`BootstrapAnnotator` uses these entity recognizers to predict and label the entities for your app  if you have existing labeled queries. The :class:`BootstrapAnnotator` labels the entities for new queries using the train entity recognizer for the given intent after building .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :class:`BootstrapAnnotator` uses these entity recognizers to predict and label the entities for your app if you have existing labeled queries. The :class:`BootstrapAnnotator` labels the entities for new queries using the trained entity recognizer for the given intent.
```

> First, ensure that files that you would like to label have the same name or pattern. For example, you may label your files :attr:`bootstrap.txt` files across all intents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, ensure that files that you would like to label have the same name or pattern. For example, you may label your files :attr:`bootstrap.txt` across all intents.
```

Update the :attr:`annotator_class` field in your :attr:`AUTO_ANNOTATOR_CONFIG` to be :class:`BootstrapAnnotator` and set your annotation rules to include your desired patterns.

> You can optionally set the :attr:`confidence_threshold` for labeling in the config as shown below. For this example, we will set it to 0.95. This means that entities will only be labelled if the entity recoginizer is 95% confident.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can optionally set the :attr:`confidence_threshold` for labeling in the config as shown below. For this example, we will set it to 0.95. This means that entities will only be labeled if the entity recognizer assigns a confidence score over 95% to the entity.
```

.. code-block:: python

	AUTO_ANNOTATOR_CONFIG = {
		"annotator_class": "BootstrapAnnotator",
		"confidence_threshold": 0.95,
		...
		"annotate": [
			{
				"domains": ".*",
				"intents": ".*",
				"files": ".*bootstrap.*\.txt",
				"entities": ".*",
			}
		],
	}

Check your :attr:`ENTITY_RECOGNIZER_CONFIG` in :attr:`config.py`. Make sure that you explicitly specify the regex pattern for training and testing and that this pattern does not overlap with the pattern for your unlabeled data (E.g. :attr:`bootstrap.txt`).

.. code-block:: python

	ENTITY_RECOGNIZER_CONFIG = {
		...
		'train_label_set': 'train.*\.txt',
		'test_label_set': 'test.*\.txt'
	}

To run from the command line:

.. code-block:: console

	mindmeld annotate --app-path "hr_assistant"

Alternatively, you can annotate by creating an instance of the :class:`BootstrapAnnotator` class and running the Python code below.
An optional param :attr:`overwrite` can be passed in here as well.

.. code-block:: python

	from mindmeld.auto_annotator import BootstrapAnnotator 
	ba = BootstrapAnnotator(app_path="hr_assistant")

	ba.annotate(overwrite=True)

> 

Reviewer: We should add a section contrasting this workflow with using `python -m hr_assistant predict bootstrap.txt -o labeled.tsv`

Author: Good point, added the following to the docs:

"The Bootstrap Annotator is different from the predict command-line function. Running 'python -m hr_assistant predict bootstrap.txt -o labeled.tsv' will output a tsv with annotated queries. Unlike the Bootstrap Annotator, the predict only annotates a single file and does not use the entity recognizer of a specific intent. Instead it uses the intent classified by nlp.process(query_text)."

``'spacy_model'`` (:class:`str`): :attr:`en_core_web_lg` is used by default for the best performance. Alternative options are :attr:`en_core_web_sm` and :attr:`en_core_web_md`. This parameter is optional and is specific to the use of the :class:`SpacyAnnotator`.
If the selected model is not in the current environment it will automatically be downloaded. Refer to Spacy's documentation to learn more about their `English models <https://spacy.io/models/en>`_. The Spacy Annotator is currently not designed to support other language but they may be used.

Using the Bootstrap Annotator
----------------------------
The :class:`BootstrapAnnotator` speeds up the data annotation process of new queries. When a :class:`BootstrapAnnotator` is instantiated a :class:`NaturalLanguageProcessor` is built for your app. For each intent, an entity recognizer is trained on the existing labeled data.

> The :class:`BootstrapAnnotator` uses these entity recognizers to predict and label the entities for your app if you have existing labeled queries. The :class:`BootstrapAnnotator` labels the entities for new queries using the trained entity recognizer for the given.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :class:`BootstrapAnnotator` uses these entity recognizers to predict and label the entities for your app if you have existing labeled queries. The :class:`BootstrapAnnotator` labels the entities for new queries using the trained entity recognizer for each given intent.
```

> First, ensure that files that you would like to label have the same name or pattern. For example, you may label your files :attr:`bootstrap.txt` across all intents.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First, ensure that files that you would like to label have the same name or pattern. For example, you may label your files :attr:`train_bootstrap.txt` across all intents.
```

You can optionally set the :attr:`confidence_threshold` for labeling in the config as shown below. For this example, we will set it to 0.95. This means that entities will only be labeled if the entity recognizer assigns a confidence score over 95% to the entity.

.. code-block:: python

	AUTO_ANNOTATOR_CONFIG = {
		"annotator_class": "BootstrapAnnotator",
		"confidence_threshold": 0.95,
		...
		"annotate": [
			{
				"domains": ".*",
				"intents": ".*",
				"files": ".*bootstrap.*\.txt",
				"entities": ".*",
			}
		],
	}

Check your :attr:`ENTITY_RECOGNIZER_CONFIG` in :attr:`config.py`. Make sure that you explicitly specify the regex pattern for training and testing and that this pattern does not overlap with the pattern for your unlabeled data (E.g. :attr:`bootstrap.txt`).

.. code-block:: python

	ENTITY_RECOGNIZER_CONFIG = {
		...
		'train_label_set': 'train.*\.txt',
		'test_label_set': 'test.*\.txt'
	}

To run from the command line:

.. code-block:: console

	mindmeld annotate --app-path "hr_assistant"

Alternatively, you can annotate by creating an instance of the :class:`BootstrapAnnotator` class and running the Python code below.

> An optional param :attr:`overwrite` can be passed in here as well.

Reviewer 2: What happens in the default case? No overwrite with a logging error message?
